timer: refactor to make reactive, update tests and preview (#106)
solidjs-community/solid-primitives: packages/timer/README.md

# @solid-primitives/timer

[![lerna](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained%20with-lerna-cc00ff.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://lerna.js.org/)
[![size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@solid-primitives/timer?style=for-the-badge&label=size)](https://bundlephobia.com/package/@solid-primitives/timer)
[![version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@solid-primitives/timer?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@solid-primitives/timer)

> [![stage](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fsolidjs-community%2Fsolid-primitives%2Fmain%2Fassets%2Fbadges%2Fstage-0.json)](https://github.com/solidjs-community/solid-primitives#contribution-process)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![stage](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fsolidjs-community%2Fsolid-primitives%2Fmain%2Fassets%2Fbadges%2Fstage-3.json)](https://github.com/solidjs-community/solid-primitives#contribution-process)
```

> Timer primitives related to `setInterval` and `setTimeout`:
> 
> - `createTimeout` - setTimeout with an optionally reactive delay.
> - `createInterval` - setInterval with an optionally reactive delay.
> - `createTimeoutLoop` - Like createInterval, except the delay only updates between executions.
> - `createPolled` - Polls a function periodically. Returns an to the latest polled value.
> - `createIntervalCounter` - Creates a counter which increments periodically.

Reviewer: TOC should have links to their sections.
```suggestion
Timer primitives related to [`setInterval`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setInterval) and [`setTimeout`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setTimeout):

- [`makeTimer`](#makeTimer) - Makes an automatically cleaned up timer.
- [`createTimer`](#createTimer) - [makeTimer](#maketimer), but with a fully reactive delay
- [`createTimeoutLoop`](#createTimeoutLoop) - Like createInterval, except the delay only updates between executions.
- [`createPolled`](#createPolled) - Polls a function periodically. Returns an to the latest polled value.
- [`createIntervalCounter`](#createIntervalCounter) - Creates a counter which increments periodically.
```
